Edited Reference Guide for Amazon S3 3-5-5-0 (#520)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: modules/ROOT/pages/amazon/amazon-s3-connector-reference.adoc

Support Category: https://www.mulesoft.com/legal/versioning-back-support-policy#anypoint-connectors[Select]

Amazon S3 Connector v5.5.0

Guide: xref:connectors::amazon/amazon-s3-connector.adoc[Amazon S3 Connector]

> 

Reviewer: It's fine to keep an intro in reference guides. Normally, just copyedit it rather than remove it.

| Connection a| * <<config_basic, Basic>>
* <<config_role, Role>>
 | The connection types to provide to this configuration. | | x

> | Expiration Policy a| <<ExpirationPolicy>> |  Configures the minimum amount of time that a dynamic configuration instance can remain idle before Mule considers it eligible for expiration. This does not mean that the platform expires the instance at the exact moment that it becomes eligible. The runtime purges the instances when it sees fit. |  |

Reviewer: This description was more correct in the original. We can't use "The runtime" and "appropriate" is better than "sees fit."

Author: I actually took the wording that you had put in the Reference spreadsheet. I will change it back.

| Bucket Name a| String |  The name of the bucket containing the multipart upload to complete. |  | x
| Key a| String |  The key under which the multipart upload to complete is stored. |  | x
| Upload Id a| String |  The ID of the multipart upload to complete. |  | x
| Part ETags a| Array of <<PartETag>> |  The list of part numbers and ETags that identify the individual parts of the multipart upload to complete. |  #[payload] |
| Target Variable a| String |  The name of a variable to store the operation's output. |  |
| Target Value a| String |  An expression to evaluate against the operation's output and store the expression outcome in the target variable. |  #[payload] |
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<reconnect>>
* <<reconnect-forever>> |  A retry strategy in case of connectivity errors. |  |
|===

==== Output
[%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Type |<<CompleteMultipartUploadResult>>
|===

=== For Configurations
* <<config>>

==== Throws

> * S3:INVALID_RANGE

Reviewer: Should be in alphabetic order.

* S3:MALFORMED_POST_REQUEST
* S3:BAD_DIGEST
* S3:CROSS_LOCATION_LOGGING_PROHIBITED
* S3:REQUEST_TIMEOUT
* S3:TOO_MANY_BUCKETS
* S3:NO_SUCH_KEY
* S3:MISSING_ATTACHMENT
* S3:INVALID_BUCKET_STATE
* S3:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* S3:INVALID_PART_ORDER
* S3:INVALID_RESPONSE_PRESIGNEDURL_MALFORMED
* S3:INVALID_POLICY_DOCUMENT
* S3:MALFORMED_XML
* S3:ACCOUNT_PROBLEM
* S3:USER_KEY_MUST_BE_SPECIFIED
* S3:MISSING_CONTENT_LENGTH
* S3:INVALID_DIGEST
* S3:ACCESS_DENIED
* S3:MISSING_REQUEST_BODY_ERROR
* S3:REQUEST_TORRENT_OF_BUCKET_ERROR
* S3:TOKEN_REFRESH_REQUIRED
* S3:RESTORE_ALREADY_IN_PROGRESS
* S3:NO_LOGGING_STATUS_FOR_KEY
* S3:INVALID_OBJECT_STATE
* S3:CONNECTIVITY
* S3:INVALID_ENCRYPTION_ALGORITHM_ERROR
* S3:PERMANENT_REDIRECT
* S3:INVALID_REQUEST
* S3:INCORRECT_NUMBER_OF_FILES_IN_POST_REQUEST
* S3:UNKNOWN
* S3:MALFORMED_ACL_ERROR
* S3:CREDENTIALS_NOT_SUPPORTED
* S3:NOT_IMPLEMENTED
* S3:INVALID_TARGET_BUCKET_FOR_LOGGING
* S3:INVALID_ARGUMENT
* S3:NO_SUCH_UPLOAD
* S3:INTERNAL_ERROR
* S3:SLOW_DOWN
* S3:METHOD_NOT_ALLOWED
* S3:ENTITY_TOO_LARGE
* S3:EXPIRED_TOKEN
* S3:MISSING_SECURITY_HEADER
* S3:BUCKET_ALREADY_OWNED_BY_YOU
* S3:INCOMPLETE_BODY

[[copyObject]]
=== Copy Object
`<s3:copy-object>`

> Copies a source object to a new destination. To copy an object, the caller's account must have read access to the source object and write access to the destination bucket. By default, all object metadata for the source object is copied to the new destination object, unless new object metadata in the specified is provided. The AccessControlList is not copied to the new object, and, unless another ACL is specified, PRIVATE is assumed. If no destination bucket is specified, the same bucket as the source bucket is used: local copy. The estimation object's Content-Type http header would be set with the specified value and if it is passed null, then the default MIME type 'application/octet-stream' is set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copies a source object to a new destination. To copy an object, the caller's account must have read access to the source object and write access to the destination bucket. By default, all object metadata for the source object is copied to the new destination object, unless new object metadata is specified. +
The AccessControlList (ACL) is not copied to the new object, and is set to PRIVATE unless a new ACL is specified. +
If no destination bucket is specified, the same bucket as the source bucket is used (local copy). The estimation object's `Content-Type` HTTP header is set with the specified value, and if it is passed null, then the default MIME type `application/octet-stream` is set.
```

==== Parameters
[%header,cols="20s,20a,35a,20a,5a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | The name of the configuration to use. | | x
| Source Bucket Name a| String | The source object's bucket. |  | x
| Source Key a| String | The source object's key. |  | x
| Source Version Id a| String |  The specific version of the source object to copy, if versioning is enabled. |  |

> | Destination Bucket Name a| String |  The destination object's bucket. If none provided, object is copied within the same bucket. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Destination Bucket Name a| String |  The destination object's bucket. If none is provided, object is copied within the same bucket. |  |
```

| Destination Key a| String |  The destination object's key. |  | x
| Canned ACL a| Enumeration, one of:

** PRIVATE
** PUBLIC_READ
** PUBLIC_READ_WRITE
** AUTHENTICATED_READ
** LOG_DELIVERY_WRITE
** BUCKET_OWNER_READ
** BUCKET_OWNER_FULL_CONTROL |  The ACL of the destination object. |  PRIVATE |
| Destination Storage Class a| Enumeration, one of:

** STANDARD
** STANDARD_IA
** INTELLIGENT_TIERING
** ONEZONE_IA
** REDUCED_REDUNDANCY
** GLACIER |  One of StorageClass enumerated values, defaults to StorageClass#STANDARD. |  STANDARD |

> | Destination User Metadata a| Object |  The new metadata of the destination object. If specified, overrides that copied from the source object |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Destination User Metadata a| Object |  The new metadata of the destination object. If specified, this overrides what is copied from the source object. |  |
```

| Modified Since a| DateTime |  The modified constraint that restricts this request to executing only if the object has been modified after the specified date. |  |

> | Unmodified Since a| DateTime |  The unmodified constraint that restricts this request to executing only if the object has not been modified after this date. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Unmodified Since a| DateTime |  The unmodified constraint that restricts this request to executing only if the object is not modified after this date. |  |
```

* S3:MALFORMED_POST_REQUEST
* S3:BAD_DIGEST
* S3:CROSS_LOCATION_LOGGING_PROHIBITED
* S3:REQUEST_TIMEOUT
* S3:TOO_MANY_BUCKETS
* S3:NO_SUCH_KEY
* S3:MISSING_ATTACHMENT
* S3:INVALID_BUCKET_STATE
* S3:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* S3:INVALID_PART_ORDER
* S3:INVALID_RESPONSE_PRESIGNEDURL_MALFORMED
* S3:INVALID_POLICY_DOCUMENT
* S3:MALFORMED_XML
* S3:ACCOUNT_PROBLEM
* S3:USER_KEY_MUST_BE_SPECIFIED
* S3:MISSING_CONTENT_LENGTH
* S3:INVALID_DIGEST
* S3:ACCESS_DENIED
* S3:MISSING_REQUEST_BODY_ERROR
* S3:REQUEST_TORRENT_OF_BUCKET_ERROR
* S3:TOKEN_REFRESH_REQUIRED
* S3:RESTORE_ALREADY_IN_PROGRESS
* S3:NO_LOGGING_STATUS_FOR_KEY
* S3:INVALID_OBJECT_STATE
* S3:CONNECTIVITY
* S3:INVALID_ENCRYPTION_ALGORITHM_ERROR
* S3:PERMANENT_REDIRECT
* S3:INVALID_REQUEST
* S3:INCORRECT_NUMBER_OF_FILES_IN_POST_REQUEST
* S3:UNKNOWN
* S3:MALFORMED_ACL_ERROR
* S3:CREDENTIALS_NOT_SUPPORTED
* S3:NOT_IMPLEMENTED
* S3:INVALID_TARGET_BUCKET_FOR_LOGGING
* S3:INVALID_ARGUMENT
* S3:NO_SUCH_UPLOAD
* S3:INTERNAL_ERROR
* S3:SLOW_DOWN
* S3:METHOD_NOT_ALLOWED
* S3:ENTITY_TOO_LARGE
* S3:EXPIRED_TOKEN
* S3:MISSING_SECURITY_HEADER
* S3:BUCKET_ALREADY_OWNED_BY_YOU
* S3:INCOMPLETE_BODY

[[createBucket]]
=== Create Bucket
`<s3:create-bucket>`

> Creates a new bucket. The connector must not be configured as anonymous for this operation to succeed. Bucket names must be unique across all of Amazon S3, that is, among all Amazon S3 users. Bucket ownership is similar to the ownership of Internet domain names. Within Amazon S3, only a single user owns each bucket. Once a uniquely named bucket is created in Amazon S3, organize and name the objects within the bucket in any way. Ownership of the bucket is retained as long as the owner has an Amazon S3 account. To conform with DNS requirements, buckets names must be between 3 and 63 characters long. They must not contain underscores, adjacent periods, dashes next to periods, or uppercase characters. Also they must not end with a dash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This operation creates a new bucket. Do not configure the connector as anonymous or this operation fails.  Bucket names must be unique across all of Amazon S3, that is, among all Amazon S3 users. Bucket ownership is similar to the ownership of Internet domain names. Within Amazon S3, only a single user owns each bucket. Once a uniquely named bucket is created in Amazon S3, you can organize and name the objects within the bucket in any way. Ownership of the bucket is retained as long as the owner has an Amazon S3 account. 

To conform with DNS requirements, buckets' names must:

 

- Be between 3 and 63 characters long
-  Not contain underscores, adjacent periods, dashes next to periods, or uppercase characters
-  Not end with a dash

```

Do not make bucket create or delete calls in the high availability code path of an application. Create or delete buckets in a separate initialization or setup.

==== Parameters
[%header,cols="20s,20a,35a,20a,5a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | The name of the configuration to use. | | x

> | Bucket Name a| String |  The bucket to create. It must not exist yet. |  | x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Bucket Name a| String |  The unique name for the new bucket. |  | x
```

* S3:MISSING_CONTENT_LENGTH
* S3:INVALID_DIGEST
* S3:ACCESS_DENIED
* S3:MISSING_REQUEST_BODY_ERROR
* S3:REQUEST_TORRENT_OF_BUCKET_ERROR
* S3:TOKEN_REFRESH_REQUIRED
* S3:RESTORE_ALREADY_IN_PROGRESS
* S3:NO_LOGGING_STATUS_FOR_KEY
* S3:INVALID_OBJECT_STATE
* S3:CONNECTIVITY
* S3:INVALID_ENCRYPTION_ALGORITHM_ERROR
* S3:PERMANENT_REDIRECT
* S3:INVALID_REQUEST
* S3:INCORRECT_NUMBER_OF_FILES_IN_POST_REQUEST
* S3:UNKNOWN
* S3:MALFORMED_ACL_ERROR
* S3:CREDENTIALS_NOT_SUPPORTED
* S3:NOT_IMPLEMENTED
* S3:INVALID_TARGET_BUCKET_FOR_LOGGING
* S3:INVALID_ARGUMENT
* S3:NO_SUCH_UPLOAD
* S3:INTERNAL_ERROR
* S3:SLOW_DOWN
* S3:METHOD_NOT_ALLOWED
* S3:ENTITY_TOO_LARGE
* S3:EXPIRED_TOKEN
* S3:MISSING_SECURITY_HEADER
* S3:BUCKET_ALREADY_OWNED_BY_YOU
* S3:INCOMPLETE_BODY

[[createObject]]
=== Create Object
`<s3:create-object>`

Uploads an object to S3. Supported contents are InputStreams, Strings, byte arrays and Files.

==== Parameters
[%header,cols="20s,20a,35a,20a,5a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | The name of the configuration to use. | | x
| Bucket Name a| String |  The object's bucket. |  | x
| Key a| String |  The object's key. |  | x

> | Object Content a| Binary |  The content to be uploaded to S3, capable of creating a PutObjectRequest. |  #[payload] |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Object Content a| Binary |  The content that is capable of creating a PutObjectRequest, to upload to S3. |  #[payload] |
```

Author: I am not sure if you upload the PubObjectRequest and would have to have SMEs confirm this.

| Canned ACL a| Enumeration, one of:

** PRIVATE
** PUBLIC_READ
** PUBLIC_READ_WRITE
** AUTHENTICATED_READ
** LOG_DELIVERY_WRITE
** BUCKET_OWNER_READ
** BUCKET_OWNER_FULL_CONTROL |  The access control list of the new object. |  PRIVATE |
| Kms Master Key a| String |  Encrypt objects uploaded to S3 buckets with AWS KMS master key. |  |
| User Metadata a| Object |  |  |
| Last Modified a| DateTime |  |  |
| Content Length a| Number |  The Content-Length HTTP header indicating the size of the associated object in bytes. |  0 |

> | Content Type a| String |  The Content-Type HTTP header. indicating the type of content stored in the associated object. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Content Type a| String |  The `Content-Type` HTTP header that indicates the type of content stored in the associated object. |  |
```

> | Content Language a| String |  The Content-Language HTTP header which describes the natural language(s) of the intended audience for the enclosed entity. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Content Language a| String |  The Content-Language HTTP header that describes the natural language(s) of the intended audience for the enclosed entity. |  |
```

* S3:BAD_DIGEST
* S3:CROSS_LOCATION_LOGGING_PROHIBITED
* S3:REQUEST_TIMEOUT
* S3:TOO_MANY_BUCKETS
* S3:NO_SUCH_KEY
* S3:MISSING_ATTACHMENT
* S3:INVALID_BUCKET_STATE
* S3:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* S3:INVALID_PART_ORDER
* S3:INVALID_RESPONSE_PRESIGNEDURL_MALFORMED
* S3:INVALID_POLICY_DOCUMENT
* S3:MALFORMED_XML
* S3:ACCOUNT_PROBLEM
* S3:USER_KEY_MUST_BE_SPECIFIED
* S3:MISSING_CONTENT_LENGTH
* S3:INVALID_DIGEST
* S3:ACCESS_DENIED
* S3:MISSING_REQUEST_BODY_ERROR
* S3:REQUEST_TORRENT_OF_BUCKET_ERROR
* S3:TOKEN_REFRESH_REQUIRED
* S3:RESTORE_ALREADY_IN_PROGRESS
* S3:NO_LOGGING_STATUS_FOR_KEY
* S3:INVALID_OBJECT_STATE
* S3:CONNECTIVITY
* S3:INVALID_ENCRYPTION_ALGORITHM_ERROR
* S3:PERMANENT_REDIRECT
* S3:INVALID_REQUEST
* S3:INCORRECT_NUMBER_OF_FILES_IN_POST_REQUEST
* S3:UNKNOWN
* S3:MALFORMED_ACL_ERROR
* S3:CREDENTIALS_NOT_SUPPORTED
* S3:NOT_IMPLEMENTED
* S3:INVALID_TARGET_BUCKET_FOR_LOGGING
* S3:INVALID_ARGUMENT
* S3:NO_SUCH_UPLOAD
* S3:INTERNAL_ERROR
* S3:SLOW_DOWN
* S3:METHOD_NOT_ALLOWED
* S3:ENTITY_TOO_LARGE
* S3:EXPIRED_TOKEN
* S3:MISSING_SECURITY_HEADER
* S3:BUCKET_ALREADY_OWNED_BY_YOU
* S3:INCOMPLETE_BODY

[[deleteObject]]
=== Delete Object
`<s3:delete-object>`

> Deletes a given object. Only the owner of the bucket containing the version can perform this operation. If a version is specified, versioning must be enabled, and once deleted, there is no method to restore such version. Otherwise, once deleted, the object can only be restored if versioning was enabled when the object was deleted. If you attempt to delete an object that does not exist, Amazon S3 returns a success message instead of an error message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deletes a given object. If a version is specified, versioning must be enabled, and once deleted, there is no method to restore such version. Only the owner of the bucket containing the version can perform this operation.  Otherwise, once deleted, the object can be restored only if versioning was enabled when the object was deleted. If you attempt to delete an object that does not exist, Amazon S3 returns a success message instead of an error message.
```

* S3:BAD_DIGEST
* S3:CROSS_LOCATION_LOGGING_PROHIBITED
* S3:REQUEST_TIMEOUT
* S3:TOO_MANY_BUCKETS
* S3:NO_SUCH_KEY
* S3:MISSING_ATTACHMENT
* S3:INVALID_BUCKET_STATE
* S3:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* S3:INVALID_PART_ORDER
* S3:INVALID_RESPONSE_PRESIGNEDURL_MALFORMED
* S3:INVALID_POLICY_DOCUMENT
* S3:MALFORMED_XML
* S3:ACCOUNT_PROBLEM
* S3:USER_KEY_MUST_BE_SPECIFIED
* S3:MISSING_CONTENT_LENGTH
* S3:INVALID_DIGEST
* S3:ACCESS_DENIED
* S3:MISSING_REQUEST_BODY_ERROR
* S3:REQUEST_TORRENT_OF_BUCKET_ERROR
* S3:TOKEN_REFRESH_REQUIRED
* S3:RESTORE_ALREADY_IN_PROGRESS
* S3:NO_LOGGING_STATUS_FOR_KEY
* S3:INVALID_OBJECT_STATE
* S3:CONNECTIVITY
* S3:INVALID_ENCRYPTION_ALGORITHM_ERROR
* S3:PERMANENT_REDIRECT
* S3:INVALID_REQUEST
* S3:INCORRECT_NUMBER_OF_FILES_IN_POST_REQUEST
* S3:UNKNOWN
* S3:MALFORMED_ACL_ERROR
* S3:CREDENTIALS_NOT_SUPPORTED
* S3:NOT_IMPLEMENTED
* S3:INVALID_TARGET_BUCKET_FOR_LOGGING
* S3:INVALID_ARGUMENT
* S3:NO_SUCH_UPLOAD
* S3:INTERNAL_ERROR
* S3:SLOW_DOWN
* S3:METHOD_NOT_ALLOWED
* S3:ENTITY_TOO_LARGE
* S3:EXPIRED_TOKEN
* S3:MISSING_SECURITY_HEADER
* S3:BUCKET_ALREADY_OWNED_BY_YOU
* S3:INCOMPLETE_BODY

[[deleteObjects]]
=== Delete Objects
`<s3:delete-objects>`

> Deletes multiple objects in a single bucket from S3. Specifying the version of the keys is optional.  In some cases, some objects will be successfully deleted, while some attempts will cause an error. If any object in the request cannot be deleted, this method throws a com.amazonaws.services.s3.model.MultiObjectDeleteException with details of the error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deletes multiple objects in a single bucket from S3. Specifying the version of the keys is optional.  In some cases, some objects will be successfully deleted, while some attempts will cause an error. If any object in the request cannot be deleted, this method throws a `com.amazonaws.services.s3.model.MultiObjectDeleteException` with details of the error.
```

* S3:BUCKET_NOT_EMPTY
* S3:MALFORMED_POST_REQUEST
* S3:BAD_DIGEST
* S3:CROSS_LOCATION_LOGGING_PROHIBITED
* S3:REQUEST_TIMEOUT
* S3:TOO_MANY_BUCKETS
* S3:NO_SUCH_KEY
* S3:MISSING_ATTACHMENT
* S3:INVALID_BUCKET_STATE
* S3:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* S3:INVALID_PART_ORDER
* S3:INVALID_RESPONSE_PRESIGNEDURL_MALFORMED
* S3:INVALID_POLICY_DOCUMENT
* S3:MALFORMED_XML
* S3:ACCOUNT_PROBLEM
* S3:USER_KEY_MUST_BE_SPECIFIED
* S3:MISSING_CONTENT_LENGTH
* S3:INVALID_DIGEST
* S3:ACCESS_DENIED
* S3:MISSING_REQUEST_BODY_ERROR
* S3:REQUEST_TORRENT_OF_BUCKET_ERROR
* S3:TOKEN_REFRESH_REQUIRED
* S3:RESTORE_ALREADY_IN_PROGRESS
* S3:NO_LOGGING_STATUS_FOR_KEY
* S3:INVALID_OBJECT_STATE
* S3:CONNECTIVITY
* S3:INVALID_ENCRYPTION_ALGORITHM_ERROR
* S3:PERMANENT_REDIRECT
* S3:INVALID_REQUEST
* S3:INCORRECT_NUMBER_OF_FILES_IN_POST_REQUEST
* S3:UNKNOWN
* S3:MALFORMED_ACL_ERROR
* S3:CREDENTIALS_NOT_SUPPORTED
* S3:NOT_IMPLEMENTED
* S3:INVALID_TARGET_BUCKET_FOR_LOGGING
* S3:INVALID_ARGUMENT
* S3:NO_SUCH_UPLOAD
* S3:INTERNAL_ERROR
* S3:SLOW_DOWN
* S3:METHOD_NOT_ALLOWED
* S3:ENTITY_TOO_LARGE
* S3:EXPIRED_TOKEN
* S3:MISSING_SECURITY_HEADER
* S3:BUCKET_ALREADY_OWNED_BY_YOU
* S3:INCOMPLETE_BODY

[[getBucketAcl]]

> === Get Bucket Acl

Reviewer: ACL

* S3:BUCKET_NOT_EMPTY
* S3:MALFORMED_POST_REQUEST
* S3:BAD_DIGEST
* S3:CROSS_LOCATION_LOGGING_PROHIBITED
* S3:REQUEST_TIMEOUT
* S3:TOO_MANY_BUCKETS
* S3:NO_SUCH_KEY
* S3:MISSING_ATTACHMENT
* S3:INVALID_BUCKET_STATE
* S3:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* S3:INVALID_PART_ORDER
* S3:INVALID_RESPONSE_PRESIGNEDURL_MALFORMED
* S3:INVALID_POLICY_DOCUMENT
* S3:MALFORMED_XML
* S3:ACCOUNT_PROBLEM
* S3:USER_KEY_MUST_BE_SPECIFIED
* S3:MISSING_CONTENT_LENGTH
* S3:INVALID_DIGEST
* S3:ACCESS_DENIED
* S3:MISSING_REQUEST_BODY_ERROR
* S3:REQUEST_TORRENT_OF_BUCKET_ERROR
* S3:TOKEN_REFRESH_REQUIRED
* S3:RESTORE_ALREADY_IN_PROGRESS
* S3:NO_LOGGING_STATUS_FOR_KEY
* S3:INVALID_OBJECT_STATE
* S3:CONNECTIVITY
* S3:INVALID_ENCRYPTION_ALGORITHM_ERROR
* S3:PERMANENT_REDIRECT
* S3:INVALID_REQUEST
* S3:INCORRECT_NUMBER_OF_FILES_IN_POST_REQUEST
* S3:UNKNOWN
* S3:MALFORMED_ACL_ERROR
* S3:CREDENTIALS_NOT_SUPPORTED
* S3:NOT_IMPLEMENTED
* S3:INVALID_TARGET_BUCKET_FOR_LOGGING
* S3:INVALID_ARGUMENT
* S3:NO_SUCH_UPLOAD
* S3:INTERNAL_ERROR
* S3:SLOW_DOWN
* S3:METHOD_NOT_ALLOWED
* S3:ENTITY_TOO_LARGE
* S3:EXPIRED_TOKEN
* S3:MISSING_SECURITY_HEADER
* S3:BUCKET_ALREADY_OWNED_BY_YOU
* S3:INCOMPLETE_BODY

[[getBucketCorsConfiguration]]

> === Get Bucket Cors Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Get Bucket CORS Configuration
```

`<s3:get-bucket-cors-configuration>`

> Answers the cors configuration information set for the bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Answers the CORS configuration information set for the bucket.
```

==== Parameters
[%header,cols="20s,20a,35a,20a,5a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | The name of the configuration to use. | | x

> | Bucket Name a| String |  The bucket whose cors to retrieve. |  | x

Reviewer: CORS
This should match Amazon terminology. CORS is an acronym for cross-origin resource sharing.

==== Parameters
[%header,cols="20s,20a,35a,20a,5a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | The name of the configuration to use. | | x
| Bucket Name a| String |  The object's bucket. |  | x
| Key a| String |  The object's key. |  | x
| Version Id a| String |  The specific version of the object to get its contents, if versioning is enabled. |  |
| Modified Since a| DateTime |  The modified constraint that restricts this request to executing only if the object has been modified after the specified date. |  |
| Unmodified Since a| DateTime |  The unmodified constraint that restricts this request to executing only if the object has not been modified after this date. |  |
| Output Mime Type a| String |  The MIME type of the payload that this operation outputs. |  |
| Output Encoding a| String |  The encoding of the payload that this operation outputs. |  |
| Streaming Strategy a| * <<repeatable-in-memory-stream>>
* <<repeatable-file-store-stream>>

> * non-repeatable-stream |  Configure if repeatable streams should be used and their behavior |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* non-repeatable-stream |  Configure whether to use repeatable streams. |  |
```

* S3:BUCKET_NOT_EMPTY
* S3:MALFORMED_POST_REQUEST
* S3:BAD_DIGEST
* S3:CROSS_LOCATION_LOGGING_PROHIBITED
* S3:REQUEST_TIMEOUT
* S3:TOO_MANY_BUCKETS
* S3:NO_SUCH_KEY
* S3:MISSING_ATTACHMENT
* S3:INVALID_BUCKET_STATE
* S3:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* S3:INVALID_PART_ORDER
* S3:INVALID_RESPONSE_PRESIGNEDURL_MALFORMED
* S3:INVALID_POLICY_DOCUMENT
* S3:MALFORMED_XML
* S3:ACCOUNT_PROBLEM
* S3:USER_KEY_MUST_BE_SPECIFIED
* S3:MISSING_CONTENT_LENGTH
* S3:INVALID_DIGEST
* S3:ACCESS_DENIED
* S3:MISSING_REQUEST_BODY_ERROR
* S3:REQUEST_TORRENT_OF_BUCKET_ERROR
* S3:TOKEN_REFRESH_REQUIRED
* S3:RESTORE_ALREADY_IN_PROGRESS
* S3:NO_LOGGING_STATUS_FOR_KEY
* S3:INVALID_OBJECT_STATE
* S3:CONNECTIVITY
* S3:INVALID_ENCRYPTION_ALGORITHM_ERROR
* S3:PERMANENT_REDIRECT
* S3:INVALID_REQUEST
* S3:INCORRECT_NUMBER_OF_FILES_IN_POST_REQUEST
* S3:UNKNOWN
* S3:MALFORMED_ACL_ERROR
* S3:CREDENTIALS_NOT_SUPPORTED
* S3:NOT_IMPLEMENTED
* S3:INVALID_TARGET_BUCKET_FOR_LOGGING
* S3:INVALID_ARGUMENT
* S3:NO_SUCH_UPLOAD
* S3:INTERNAL_ERROR
* S3:SLOW_DOWN
* S3:METHOD_NOT_ALLOWED
* S3:ENTITY_TOO_LARGE
* S3:EXPIRED_TOKEN
* S3:MISSING_SECURITY_HEADER
* S3:BUCKET_ALREADY_OWNED_BY_YOU
* S3:INCOMPLETE_BODY

[[getObjectAcl]]

> === Get Object Acl

Reviewer: ACL

* S3:REQUEST_TORRENT_OF_BUCKET_ERROR
* S3:TOKEN_REFRESH_REQUIRED
* S3:RESTORE_ALREADY_IN_PROGRESS
* S3:NO_LOGGING_STATUS_FOR_KEY
* S3:INVALID_OBJECT_STATE
* S3:CONNECTIVITY
* S3:INVALID_ENCRYPTION_ALGORITHM_ERROR
* S3:PERMANENT_REDIRECT
* S3:INVALID_REQUEST
* S3:INCORRECT_NUMBER_OF_FILES_IN_POST_REQUEST
* S3:UNKNOWN
* S3:MALFORMED_ACL_ERROR
* S3:CREDENTIALS_NOT_SUPPORTED
* S3:NOT_IMPLEMENTED
* S3:INVALID_TARGET_BUCKET_FOR_LOGGING
* S3:INVALID_ARGUMENT
* S3:NO_SUCH_UPLOAD
* S3:INTERNAL_ERROR
* S3:SLOW_DOWN
* S3:METHOD_NOT_ALLOWED
* S3:ENTITY_TOO_LARGE
* S3:EXPIRED_TOKEN
* S3:MISSING_SECURITY_HEADER
* S3:BUCKET_ALREADY_OWNED_BY_YOU
* S3:INCOMPLETE_BODY

[[listObjects]]
=== List Objects
`<s3:list-objects>`

Lazily lists all objects for a given prefix. Because S3 does not limit the number of objects, this list can retrieve an arbitrary amount of objects, and might need to perform extra calls to the API while it iterates.

==== Parameters
[%header,cols="20s,20a,35a,20a,5a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | The name of the configuration to use. | | x
| Bucket Name a| String |  The target bucket's name. |  | x

> | Prefix a| String |  the prefix of the objects to be listed. If unspecified, all objects are listed |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Prefix a| String |  The prefix of the objects to be listed. If unspecified, all objects are listed. |  |
```

> | Marker a| String |  Where in the bucket to begin listing. The list only includes keys that occur lexicographically after the marker |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Marker a| String |  Where in the bucket to begin listing. The list includes only keys that occur lexicographically after the marker. |  |
```

| Delimiter a| String |  Causes keys that contain the same string between a prefix and the first occurrence of the delimiter to be rolled up into a single result element. |  |
| Max Keys a| Number |  The maximum number of keys to return per page. If not specified S3 will limit the number of returned results per page. |  |
| Encoding Type a| Enumeration, one of:

** NOT_ENCODED
** URL |  The encoding method to be applied on the response. |  NOT_ENCODED |
| Streaming Strategy a| * <<repeatable-in-memory-iterable>>
* <<repeatable-file-store-iterable>>

> * non-repeatable-iterable |  Configure if repeatable streams should be used and their behavior |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* non-repeatable-iterable |  Configure whether to use repeatable streams. |  |
```

* S3:TOKEN_REFRESH_REQUIRED
* S3:RESTORE_ALREADY_IN_PROGRESS
* S3:NO_LOGGING_STATUS_FOR_KEY
* S3:INVALID_OBJECT_STATE
* S3:CONNECTIVITY
* S3:INVALID_ENCRYPTION_ALGORITHM_ERROR
* S3:PERMANENT_REDIRECT
* S3:INVALID_REQUEST
* S3:INCORRECT_NUMBER_OF_FILES_IN_POST_REQUEST
* S3:UNKNOWN
* S3:MALFORMED_ACL_ERROR
* S3:CREDENTIALS_NOT_SUPPORTED
* S3:NOT_IMPLEMENTED
* S3:INVALID_TARGET_BUCKET_FOR_LOGGING
* S3:INVALID_ARGUMENT
* S3:NO_SUCH_UPLOAD
* S3:INTERNAL_ERROR
* S3:SLOW_DOWN
* S3:METHOD_NOT_ALLOWED
* S3:ENTITY_TOO_LARGE
* S3:EXPIRED_TOKEN
* S3:MISSING_SECURITY_HEADER
* S3:BUCKET_ALREADY_OWNED_BY_YOU
* S3:INCOMPLETE_BODY

[[listVersions]]
=== List Versions
`<s3:list-versions>`

Lazily lists all object versions for a given bucket that has versioning enabled. Because S3 does not limit in any way the number of objects, the list can retrieve an arbitrary amount of object versions, and might need to perform extra calls to the API while it is iterated.

==== Parameters
[%header,cols="20s,20a,35a,20a,5a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | The name of the configuration to use. | | x
| Bucket Name a| String |  The target bucket's name. |  | x

> | Prefix a| String |  optional parameter restricting the response to keys which begin with the specified prefix. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Prefix a| String |  Optional parameter that restricts the response to keys that begin with the specified prefix. |  |
```

* S3:BUCKET_NOT_EMPTY
* S3:MALFORMED_POST_REQUEST
* S3:BAD_DIGEST
* S3:CROSS_LOCATION_LOGGING_PROHIBITED
* S3:REQUEST_TIMEOUT
* S3:TOO_MANY_BUCKETS
* S3:NO_SUCH_KEY
* S3:MISSING_ATTACHMENT
* S3:INVALID_BUCKET_STATE
* S3:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* S3:INVALID_PART_ORDER
* S3:INVALID_RESPONSE_PRESIGNEDURL_MALFORMED
* S3:INVALID_POLICY_DOCUMENT
* S3:MALFORMED_XML
* S3:ACCOUNT_PROBLEM
* S3:USER_KEY_MUST_BE_SPECIFIED
* S3:MISSING_CONTENT_LENGTH
* S3:INVALID_DIGEST
* S3:ACCESS_DENIED
* S3:MISSING_REQUEST_BODY_ERROR
* S3:REQUEST_TORRENT_OF_BUCKET_ERROR
* S3:TOKEN_REFRESH_REQUIRED
* S3:RESTORE_ALREADY_IN_PROGRESS
* S3:NO_LOGGING_STATUS_FOR_KEY
* S3:INVALID_OBJECT_STATE
* S3:CONNECTIVITY
* S3:INVALID_ENCRYPTION_ALGORITHM_ERROR
* S3:PERMANENT_REDIRECT
* S3:INVALID_REQUEST
* S3:INCORRECT_NUMBER_OF_FILES_IN_POST_REQUEST
* S3:UNKNOWN
* S3:MALFORMED_ACL_ERROR
* S3:CREDENTIALS_NOT_SUPPORTED
* S3:NOT_IMPLEMENTED
* S3:INVALID_TARGET_BUCKET_FOR_LOGGING
* S3:INVALID_ARGUMENT
* S3:NO_SUCH_UPLOAD
* S3:INTERNAL_ERROR
* S3:SLOW_DOWN
* S3:METHOD_NOT_ALLOWED
* S3:ENTITY_TOO_LARGE
* S3:EXPIRED_TOKEN
* S3:MISSING_SECURITY_HEADER
* S3:BUCKET_ALREADY_OWNED_BY_YOU
* S3:INCOMPLETE_BODY

[[setBucketCorsConfiguration]]

> === Set Bucket Cors Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Set Bucket CORS Configuration
```

Author: This is the actual operation name

`<s3:set-bucket-cors-configuration>`

> Sets the cors configuration for your bucket. If the configuration exists, Amazon S3 replaces it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets the CORS configuration for your bucket. If the configuration exists, Amazon S3 replaces it.
```

* S3:BAD_DIGEST
* S3:CROSS_LOCATION_LOGGING_PROHIBITED
* S3:REQUEST_TIMEOUT
* S3:TOO_MANY_BUCKETS
* S3:NO_SUCH_KEY
* S3:MISSING_ATTACHMENT
* S3:INVALID_BUCKET_STATE
* S3:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* S3:INVALID_PART_ORDER
* S3:INVALID_RESPONSE_PRESIGNEDURL_MALFORMED
* S3:INVALID_POLICY_DOCUMENT
* S3:MALFORMED_XML
* S3:ACCOUNT_PROBLEM
* S3:USER_KEY_MUST_BE_SPECIFIED
* S3:MISSING_CONTENT_LENGTH
* S3:INVALID_DIGEST
* S3:ACCESS_DENIED
* S3:MISSING_REQUEST_BODY_ERROR
* S3:REQUEST_TORRENT_OF_BUCKET_ERROR
* S3:TOKEN_REFRESH_REQUIRED
* S3:RESTORE_ALREADY_IN_PROGRESS
* S3:NO_LOGGING_STATUS_FOR_KEY
* S3:INVALID_OBJECT_STATE
* S3:CONNECTIVITY
* S3:INVALID_ENCRYPTION_ALGORITHM_ERROR
* S3:PERMANENT_REDIRECT
* S3:INVALID_REQUEST
* S3:INCORRECT_NUMBER_OF_FILES_IN_POST_REQUEST
* S3:UNKNOWN
* S3:MALFORMED_ACL_ERROR
* S3:CREDENTIALS_NOT_SUPPORTED
* S3:NOT_IMPLEMENTED
* S3:INVALID_TARGET_BUCKET_FOR_LOGGING
* S3:INVALID_ARGUMENT
* S3:NO_SUCH_UPLOAD
* S3:INTERNAL_ERROR
* S3:SLOW_DOWN
* S3:METHOD_NOT_ALLOWED
* S3:ENTITY_TOO_LARGE
* S3:EXPIRED_TOKEN
* S3:MISSING_SECURITY_HEADER
* S3:BUCKET_ALREADY_OWNED_BY_YOU
* S3:INCOMPLETE_BODY

[[setBucketPolicy]]
=== Set Bucket Policy
`<s3:set-bucket-policy>`

> Sets the bucket's policy, overriding any previously set. Only the owner of the bucket can set a bucket policy. Bucket policies provide access control management at the bucket level for both the bucket resource and contained object resources. Only one policy can be specified per bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets the bucket's policy, and overrides any previously set policies. Only the owner of the bucket can set a bucket policy. Bucket policies provide access control management at the bucket level for both the bucket resource and contained object resources. Only one policy per bucket can be specified.
```

* S3:REQUEST_TIMEOUT
* S3:TOO_MANY_BUCKETS
* S3:NO_SUCH_KEY
* S3:MISSING_ATTACHMENT
* S3:INVALID_BUCKET_STATE
* S3:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* S3:INVALID_PART_ORDER
* S3:INVALID_RESPONSE_PRESIGNEDURL_MALFORMED
* S3:INVALID_POLICY_DOCUMENT
* S3:MALFORMED_XML
* S3:ACCOUNT_PROBLEM
* S3:USER_KEY_MUST_BE_SPECIFIED
* S3:MISSING_CONTENT_LENGTH
* S3:INVALID_DIGEST
* S3:ACCESS_DENIED
* S3:MISSING_REQUEST_BODY_ERROR
* S3:REQUEST_TORRENT_OF_BUCKET_ERROR
* S3:TOKEN_REFRESH_REQUIRED
* S3:RESTORE_ALREADY_IN_PROGRESS
* S3:NO_LOGGING_STATUS_FOR_KEY
* S3:INVALID_OBJECT_STATE
* S3:CONNECTIVITY
* S3:INVALID_ENCRYPTION_ALGORITHM_ERROR
* S3:PERMANENT_REDIRECT
* S3:INVALID_REQUEST
* S3:INCORRECT_NUMBER_OF_FILES_IN_POST_REQUEST
* S3:UNKNOWN
* S3:MALFORMED_ACL_ERROR
* S3:CREDENTIALS_NOT_SUPPORTED
* S3:NOT_IMPLEMENTED
* S3:INVALID_TARGET_BUCKET_FOR_LOGGING
* S3:INVALID_ARGUMENT
* S3:NO_SUCH_UPLOAD
* S3:INTERNAL_ERROR
* S3:SLOW_DOWN
* S3:METHOD_NOT_ALLOWED
* S3:ENTITY_TOO_LARGE
* S3:EXPIRED_TOKEN
* S3:MISSING_SECURITY_HEADER
* S3:BUCKET_ALREADY_OWNED_BY_YOU
* S3:INCOMPLETE_BODY

[[setBucketTaggingConfiguration]]
=== Set Bucket Tagging Configuration
`<s3:set-bucket-tagging-configuration>`

> Add a set of tags to an existing bucket

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a set of tags to an existing bucket.
```

* S3:BUCKET_NOT_EMPTY
* S3:MALFORMED_POST_REQUEST
* S3:BAD_DIGEST
* S3:CROSS_LOCATION_LOGGING_PROHIBITED
* S3:REQUEST_TIMEOUT
* S3:TOO_MANY_BUCKETS
* S3:NO_SUCH_KEY
* S3:MISSING_ATTACHMENT
* S3:INVALID_BUCKET_STATE
* S3:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* S3:INVALID_PART_ORDER
* S3:INVALID_RESPONSE_PRESIGNEDURL_MALFORMED
* S3:INVALID_POLICY_DOCUMENT
* S3:MALFORMED_XML
* S3:ACCOUNT_PROBLEM
* S3:USER_KEY_MUST_BE_SPECIFIED
* S3:MISSING_CONTENT_LENGTH
* S3:INVALID_DIGEST
* S3:ACCESS_DENIED
* S3:MISSING_REQUEST_BODY_ERROR
* S3:REQUEST_TORRENT_OF_BUCKET_ERROR
* S3:TOKEN_REFRESH_REQUIRED
* S3:RESTORE_ALREADY_IN_PROGRESS
* S3:NO_LOGGING_STATUS_FOR_KEY
* S3:INVALID_OBJECT_STATE
* S3:CONNECTIVITY
* S3:INVALID_ENCRYPTION_ALGORITHM_ERROR
* S3:PERMANENT_REDIRECT
* S3:INVALID_REQUEST
* S3:INCORRECT_NUMBER_OF_FILES_IN_POST_REQUEST
* S3:UNKNOWN
* S3:MALFORMED_ACL_ERROR
* S3:CREDENTIALS_NOT_SUPPORTED
* S3:NOT_IMPLEMENTED
* S3:INVALID_TARGET_BUCKET_FOR_LOGGING
* S3:INVALID_ARGUMENT
* S3:NO_SUCH_UPLOAD
* S3:INTERNAL_ERROR
* S3:SLOW_DOWN
* S3:METHOD_NOT_ALLOWED
* S3:ENTITY_TOO_LARGE
* S3:EXPIRED_TOKEN
* S3:MISSING_SECURITY_HEADER
* S3:BUCKET_ALREADY_OWNED_BY_YOU
* S3:INCOMPLETE_BODY

[[setObjectAcl]]

> === Set Object Acl

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Set Object ACL
```

Author: This might be the actual operation name so I am leaving as is.

|===

[[custom-ocsp-responder]]

> === Custom Ocsp Responder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Custom OCSP Responder
```

Author: I think this is an actual thing in the API. Will follow up on these at a later date.

|===

[[crl-file]]

> === Crl File

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== CRL File
```

[[reconnect]]

> === Reconnect

Reviewer: Did you update the Connect and Reconnect Forever blocks per the instructions for editing references? There is a 'blocking' field in the Reconnect Forever block.
